ENT-11034: Added changelog for 3.18.7 (#2811)
cfengine/masterfiles: CHANGELOG.md

> 3.18.7:

Author: ```suggestion
3.18.7:
	- Federated reporting policy now properly fixes SELinux context of the
	  ~cftransport/.ssh directory and its contents. (ENT-11136)
```

	- Added --quiet to psql commands where needed in federated reporting scripts
	  (ENT-10904)
	- Added debug_import class for federated reporting import debugging
	  (ENT-10896)
	- Added self upgrade support for Amazon Linux 2 (ENT-10820)
	- Aligned systemd service templates with core WantedBy=cfengine3.service was
	  removed from systemd service templates for individual components. It was

> 	  un-necessary as cfengine3.service already wants the individual services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	  unnecessary as cfengine3.service already wants the individual services.
```
